v1.1, Winning and Steam 
Hey its been a couple weeks since we won Brackeys 2026.1 and its been surreal! First, we've changed the name from 'House Rules' to 'Rulehouse', its an homage to bughouse and we think it fits the vibe of the game great. We also want to say thank you to everyone, the amount of positive comments and support is overwhelming and we've been working around the clock to get people new content, fix bugs and create a steam page!

Yes that's right! We're on steam, if you liked the game please go and wish list us!

We also made a discord, (which is new so don't be sketched out if you're like the only one there) so go and check that out too.

In addition to celebrate the win and say thank you to everyone. We're releasing version 1.1 today with a whole bunch of new functionality.

* MOBILE: Game should work on the phone, with some new mobile UI
- Premoving! (Click on pieces while the AI moves)
- Hard mode, 15 new boards
- Clock modes: No clock, Normal (Some Timed), All Timed
- New Input Options
	- R/Mouse Wheel to Reset Stage
	- Right Click to putdown piece/cancel premove
	- Drag drop pieces instead of 'click click'-ing them
- New Art
- New Music
- Dialogue rework

Bugfixes
* Timer now clicks over to player turn when the AI puts the piece down
* All known issues surrounding glass pawn are now fixed
* Fixed some broken board states (Shoutout to [Rockshurt Games](https://itch.io/profile/rockshurt))
* Inverse Pawn En Passant was broken
* Fixed UI Scaling Issues
* Fixed UI Mobile Issues