---
type: "meeting-notes"
tags: ["meeting-notes"]
date: 2026-03-18
created: 2026-03-18
aliases: 
  - Wednesday 18th March 2026
---
# Sharing Market Analysis of Game Reviews
*Date:* 2026-03-18 - 08:30 PM
*Attendance:* [[Justin]] | [[Gabe]] | [[Jacob]] | [[Ian]]
*[[Meeting Notes Index|Meeting Notes Index]]*

---
## Updates
- Steam page created and publishing

## Notes
### Game Reviews
[[Gabe]] played [[Chess Infinity]] and did not really l like it
- [[Justin]]: This game did not do well, but they released their own game and made 1.4 million

[[Jacob]] played [[The Ouroboros King]], [[King of the Bridge]] and [[Insider Trading]]
- Thought that [[King of the Bridge]] was impressive as a small game
- [[The Ouroboros King]] took things a little too far
- [[Insider Trading]] was like [[Balatro]]

[[Justin]] played [[Gambonanza]] and [[Shotgun King]]
- [[Gambonanza]]
	- [[Gambonanza]] was not good. Published by Side Kick Publishing
	- This was a like a C rated game
	- small board and different win condition
	- carbon-copy of [[Balatro]] with the rogue-like
	- The board falls apart in the game and you play against other characters. Also spaces can be protected
	- The mechanics of the game doesn't really make sense. i.e. losing pawns as it continues
	- You are stuck on the gambling menus instead of playing the game
	- A million dollar game that sucks!
- [[Shotgun King]]
	- style looks great, pixel-perfect, can play on switch
	- get abilities while the enemy also get buffed
	- only thing that was not liked was the shaking pieces
	- didn't feel like playing chess so it didn't scratch the same chess itch
	- The story behind the game was what was great. This was a gamejam and winner! (1900 submissions). They released a month and half ago and made 2 million dollars, 500_000 units sold last year
	- This game had a lot of youtube videos
	- [[Justin]] recommends to play this game to understand their background.

## Tasks
- [[Ian]] needs to finish game reviews for [[FPS Chess]], [[Samurai Chess]] and [[Pawnbarian]]
